Brother, I was wrong.
You can ask me to do anything
I have all the medicines to make women obedient
People say it casually
There is such a medicine
Of course there is.
Share with the enemy
detain evil and remove ears
Plant peach blossoms and raise a boy
I can do all these businesses
Why is it so boring?
A teacher of history at Tenju University
Likes to study folklore
One day a few years ago
teacher
Teacher, are you there?
How do you know that neck is your teacher?
I know the handwriting
You said Xianyun wild crane
I often go out for more than half a year
Go to remote rural areas to investigate the situation of homestays
But I haven't heard from him since then
Tenju University
accommodate countless
Your teacher's surname is Bai
To ranking Chuan
Do you know him?
Hahahaha
You should call me uncle
Are we talking about the same person?
I have a picture of him.
This is Teacher Bai, hahaha.